# SLEDiseaseome
R codes for SLE-diseaseome database construction

The SLE-diseaseome database was stored as an .rdata object, available for download at https://github.com/dtordom/SLEDiseaseome. It contains four elements, including DRGs.db, DRGs.info, Geneset.db and Geneset.info. DRGs.db is a list that records the gene members associated with each of the 5,212 DRGs in the database, where each entry represents a DRG named with a unique identifier (GenesetID). DRGs.info is a table that provides annotations of each DRG. It contains 7 columns: the “GenesetID” column, the “Term” column that records the original annotation terms from source databases, the “Round1” and “Round2” columns that indicate the numerical cluster label generated in two rounds of DRG clustering in the last step of the pipeline, the “Cluster” column that combines the cluster labels in “Round1” and “Round2”, and the “Term.round1” and “Term.round2” columns that provide the detailed functional annotation corresponding to the two rounds of DRG clustering. 

The intermediate results from gene set processing prior to the identification of DRGs are also provided. Geneset.db is a list with a similar structure as DRGs.db and contains all 36,853 gene sets identified after the redundancy filtering steps. Geneset.info is a supplementary table that contains detailed information about all split gene sets generated in the first step of the pipeline, prior to the filtering steps using set packing and Jaccard similarity. It includes several key columns: 1) “GenesetID” is a unique identifier assigned to each gene set after applying the dissectDB function, 2) “AnnotationID” represents the original name of the signature according to the source database, 3) “Source” specifies the source of the pathway, 4) “Term” contains the functional annotation associated with each AnnotationID, and 5) “Coannotation” records the GenesetIDs of the terms associated to each selected GenesetID from the filtering steps. 
